The
My nights are long
in wine...
to make light of...
the sin of erring lants...
Technique of exalting the son,
having thunder in his ear!
He was our dead Niini!
He was dead!
entregue lf tenir-n brave might,
I have to leave now.
I have to leave, I have to leave now.
I've left now,à¯ˆ OhsiÅ.
The child who lost their life
is being aired off as Berlin poor girl.
They deserve for their parents
to die for them with pity.
You're the one who protected me!
Thank you!
This is what my mother taught me.
She told me about the poison that was in my hand.
I was so surprised!
Your life is a great achievement.
You have earned the honor of the first division of the Goji-Fu Shogun.
The true meaning of the Goji-Fu Shogun!
The End